Add compatibility matrix for Jet and IMDG (#2696)
hazelcast/hazelcast-jet: site/docs/api/sources-sinks.md

...
```

#### Compatibility

> When reading or writing to remote sources, Jet internally creates a
> client. This client uses the embedded IMDG version to connect to the
> remote cluster. Starting with Hazelcast 3.6, Hazelcast server & client
> versions are backward and forward compatible within the same major
> version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reading or writing to remote IMDG cluster, Jet internally creates a
Hazelcast client. This client has the same version as is the IMDG
embedded with Jet. Starting with Hazelcast 3.6, Hazelcast server &
client versions are backward and forward compatible within the same
major version.

The table below summarizes the IMDG versions embedded in each Jet version:
```

|Jet Version|Embedded IMDG Version|CompatibleVersions|
|:-----|:------------------|:-----------|
|Jet 3.0|Hazelcast 3.12|Hazelcast 3.x.x|

> |Jet 3.1    |Hazelcast 3.12.1   |Hazelcast 3.x.x|
> |Jet 3.2    |Hazelcast 3.12.3   |Hazelcast 3.x.x|
> |Jet 3.2.1  |Hazelcast 3.12.5   |Hazelcast 3.x.x|
> |Jet 3.2.2  |Hazelcast 3.12.6   |Hazelcast 3.x.x|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Jet 3.1    |Hazelcast 3.12.1   |Hazelcast 3.6+.x|
|Jet 3.2    |Hazelcast 3.12.3   |Hazelcast 3.6+.x|
|Jet 3.2.1  |Hazelcast 3.12.5   |Hazelcast 3.6+.x|
|Jet 3.2.2  |Hazelcast 3.12.6   |Hazelcast 3.6+.x|
```

Reviewer 2: Isn't just `3.6+` better than `3.6+.x`?

> |Jet 4.0    |Hazelcast 4.0      |Hazelcast 4.x.x|

Reviewer 2: `Hazelcast 4.x.x` looks quite weird for me, should not we use just `4.x`? or at least `4.x.y` or `4.y.z`?
